Added why build from source and improved building prerequisites (#6)
PlayCover/PlayBook: PlayBook/src/building_from_source/install_prerequisites.md

# Install Prerequisites

## 1. Install [Xcode](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/xcode/id497799835)
Firstly, you will need Xcode for building PlayCover. Xcode is the editor that Apple created and it is the simplest way to build Swift apps. Keep in mind that it will take a considerable amount of disk space to install it. 

## 2. Install Homebrew
Follow the instructions [here](https://brew.sh) to install Homebrew. 

## 3. Install Carthage

> Now, open Terminal and type or paste in: `brew install carthage`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, open Terminal and type `brew install carthage`. 
```

## 4. Install SwiftLint

> This step is pretty similar to the previous one, paste `brew install swiftlint` into the Terminal after that the previous installation is finished. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This step is pretty similar to the previous one, type `brew install swiftlint` into the Terminal after the previous installation is finished. 
```
